Having children with other people.
Morphy, you know it's these boys. don't want,
small fist, small fist,
Small fist, small fist, small fist,
How is the child?
The patient suffers from histrionic personality disorder,
Usually it’s because when talking about oneself,
Produce uneasy psychological feelings.
It is recommended that you receive professional treatment as soon as possible.
Stop irritating your child.
What? How is this possible?
It’s not because your genes are bad,
Otherwise, how could Xiaoquan have to treat a serious illness?
Why? Go up,
You go out for me, like,
If you dare to push me, you will never die of old age.
Xiaochen, mom will definitely know your nose
Auntie, I seem to have returned to my old ways.
Are you still willing to come to Fa Bar?
Must be the son
Auntie, would you like to take a photo of your friend’s sister?
Yes, it's in the first hospital
Come here quickly
Please ask the eldest lady to give me a grandson
I'll give it to you for having a sore nose.
Three farts
Xiaochen exposed your father to another woman
Save me a younger brother with better genes, Mr. Bai Chen
Your mother was asked to have the eldest daughter of the family checked again.
General Xiaochen found out
Focus updated
I know Cheonan Province is
Hello, this is the result of the simple survey
Oh my baby
let me see
As soon as she ah, I really have it
When did you call me aunt?
Should be called mom
You are really our new grand duke
Have you become able to make some tea? What are you doing?
Auntie, it seems that Huang Dianpo is here.
Hey son, tell me
Your arrangement. We are all lined up. You see.